README.md, before:

[![GitIgnore](../../actions/workflows/GitIgnore.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/GitIgnore.yml)

# Industrial Brainframe - Device library

## TODO

### Generic repo / project wide

1. Add build action
1. Add automatic tests

### Improvements

1. `Fb_DevAxis`:
	- Fb_DevAxis.Init VAR_INPUT default values have no effect (move defaults to Fb_DevAxis VARs or use PROPERTY)
	- Add feature: check if online motor parameters match project parameters
	- When STO is not OK, no fault/error is generated; this is as designed (handled by higher level safety system), but is not very intuitive
	- Axis fault is only active for 1 PLC cycle
	- Unnecessary homing faults when interrupting Homing in manual mode
	- Entering manual mode before system has enabled gives Halt errors
1. `ManualControl`: 
	- list sometimes contains 1 empty item

### Nice to have

1. Many CONCAT operations do not add a space, leading to ugly strings (e.g. "MotorEnable fault" instead of "Motor: Enable fault")
1. Add axis fault descriptions based on error codes (see https://infosys.beckhoff.com/content/1033/tc3ncerrcode/513151243.html)

Commit message:

added revert homing direction option for Delta axis

README.md, after:

[![GitIgnore](../../actions/workflows/GitIgnore.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/GitIgnore.yml)

# Industrial Brainframe - Device library

## TODO

### Generic repo / project wide

1. Add build action
1. Add automatic tests

### Must have

1. `Fb_DevAxis`:
	- Fb_DevAxis.Init VAR_INPUT default values have no effect (move defaults to Fb_DevAxis VARs or use PROPERTY)
	- Add feature: check if online motor parameters match project parameters
	- When STO is not OK, no fault/error is generated; this is as designed (handled by higher level safety system), but is not very intuitive
	- Axis fault is only active for 1 PLC cycle
	- Unnecessary homing faults when interrupting Homing in manual mode
	- Entering manual mode before system has enabled gives Halt errors
	- Homing in manual mode should reset the Homed bit, but system still thinks drive is homed
	- Homing stays active even after CmdHold is no longer called
	- ExecWriteParameter is disabled (excluded from build), possible residue from added Delta servo
	- Delta bReverseHomingDirection BOOL is tie wrapped/duct taped in the lib, needs to be cleaned up
1. `ManualControl`: 
	- list sometimes contains 1 empty item

### Nice to have

1. Many CONCAT operations do not add a space, leading to ugly strings (e.g. "MotorEnable fault" instead of "Motor: Enable fault")
1. Add axis fault descriptions based on error codes (see https://infosys.beckhoff.com/content/1033/tc3ncerrcode/513151243.html)
